Event Name: Dog show

Definition: A competitive exhibition of dogs.

Explication: A dog show is normally a competitive exhibition of
pure-bred dogs, where a person, known as the handler, leads or
commands the dog to perform certain actions, and one or more judges
determine the winner out of some designated group of dogs. There are
three basic types of dog shows: shows that focus on appearance of the
dog (e.g. the confirmation dog show, novelty shows like the world's
ugliest dog show), shows that focus on obedience (e.g. obedience
trials), and shows that focus on skills/agility (e.g. agility trials,
sheepdog trials).

Confirmation dog shows, such as those sponsored by the American Kennel
Club (AKC), concentrate on how well the dogs conform to the standards
set for their breed in appearance and attitude. At this type of dog
show, there are multiple short competitions within the larger show,
organized tournament style, where winners of a smaller category
(e.g. "Chihuahua", a specific breed) will advance to the competition
of a larger category (e.g. "toy group", which contains multiple "toy"
breeds such as "Chihuahua"). Unlike the obedience, agility, or
sheepdog trials, for appearance based shows the competing handlers and
dogs for a particular competition are all in the ring competing at the
same time. The dogs stay on leashes which the handler can use to guide
their behavior, and the handler and dog both walk, run, or stand in
synchrony. The judge may command their movements verbally or with
gesture. The judge often inspects the dogs' appearance closely, and
may touch their coat, lift their ears, lift their legs up and down,
and/or open their mouth to look at their teeth/gum color.

Obedience trials focus on the ability of the dogs to perform actions
in response to commands given by the handler, such as fetching,
sitting, or running from a pre-defined spot to the handler.

Agility trials focus on the ability of the dogs to quickly navigate an
obstacle course, requiring them to, for example, weave through a row
of obstacles, run through tunnels, and jump over fences. Sheepdog
trials focus on the ability of the dogs to move/control a herd of
sheep according to the commands given by the handler. Typically a
small group of sheep are enclosed in a fence inside the ring, and the
trial begins when the fence is opened to let the sheep out.

Evidential Description:

 scene: indoors (exhibition hall, convention center) or outdoors
 (usually in an area such as a grassy fairground)

 objects/people: judge(s), handler(s), dogs, tents, name tags worn on
 handler's clothing, band with number worn on handler's arm,
 leash(es), prize ribbons (red, blue, white), frisbee, jumps, dog
 tables, dog grooming equipment such as brushes, combs, powder, large
 number of people, printed program, dog fences, dog water bowls

 activities: pointing at dogs, moving dogs' feet, giving dogs treats,
 pulling on leash, running next to dog, throwing frisbee, moving
 toward judge to receive prize ribbon, brushing dog, combing dog,
 giving dog water

 audio: dogs barking, loudspeaker announcements, emcee narration of
 events, audience clapping, people having general conversations,
 judge(s) giving directions/announcing winners
