Event Name: Giving directions to a location

Definition: One or more people give directions to one or more other
people, either in person or over the phone, by explaining verbally
and/or with gestures how to get to a particular location.

Explication: People may give directions in response to being asked for
them, or they may give them without being asked as a part of a normal
conversation if the topic of conversation is a location (e.g. telling
a friend how to get to a new restaurant that just opened that she may
be interested in eating at). People may ask for directions from
strangers they see on the street or in a store, or call an information
service or someone they know to ask for directions over the phone. Or,
the person giving directions and the one getting directions may be
traveling together, and one person is serving as the navigator while
the other(s) follow the directions, such as commonly happens when the
person getting the directions is driving and the person giving
directions is reading them from a map, printout, or smart phone. Note
that a GPS giving directions is not relevant for this event, and that
the person giving directions must be visible. If people are visiting a
new city or country, they will often have a map or guidebook with them
to reference when asking for directions from a person on the
street. Depending on whether the people asking for directions are/will
be walking, driving, taking a subway, train, or bus, the directions
given may reference city blocks, highways, or subway/train/bus
routes. People giving directions often gesture along with their
directions, for example pointing their arm to the right and turning
their head to the right as they explain to go right, and this could be
done even if giving them on the phone. People giving directions on the
phone may stay on the line with the person they are helping while they
reach their destination, giving them the directions step by step in
real time.

Evidential Description:

 scene: outdoors, indoors

 objects/people: map, driver, car, bicycle, subway, train, bus,
 pedestrian, car passenger, guidebook, portable telephone

 activities: gestures indicating directions (e.g. pointing or
 extending arm straight/to right or left of speaker), person pointing
 out location on a map, head movement indicating direction

 audio: narration of directions
