Event Name: Marriage proposal

Definition: One person asks another person to marry them

Explication: A marriage proposal is an event where one person asks
another to agree to marry them. If the person accepts the proposal,
the two are considered to be engaged. In most cases the person
proposing is a man and the person accepting is a woman, but
alternatively the two may be of the same sex or a woman may ask a
man. Proposals can vary widely but many involve the person proposing
kneeling on one knee or over dinner at a favorite restaurant, and
holding out a ring (known as the "engagement ring") to the person they
are asking. The request for marriage is often spoken by the person
proposing, but may also be spoken by someone else or presented in
written form (e.g. written in the sky with a plane, written in a note,
spelled out in alphabet-shaped cookies, etc.). The person proposing
will usually give a small speech to the person they are proposing to
that states their feelings toward the person. The phrasing "Will you
marry me?" is often used as the question, especially if in non-spoken
form. Spoken variants include "Will you be my wife/husband?", "Will
you do me the honor of becoming my wife?", etc. Both the person asking
and the person being asked can be very emotional during this time.The
person may reject the proposal by saying no or that they have to think
about it.  If they accept, they are often crying during the proposal
speech. They may accept by saying "yes" or some other affirmation, or
by nodding their head, or quickly hugging and kissing the person who
asked. Often the proposal is a surprise, so a gasp or other expression
of surprise may be made by the person being proposed to when they
realize the event is occurring.

Evidential Description:

 scene: outdoors or indoors

 objects/people: small box, ring, at least two people

 activities: going down on one knee, holding out ring, kissing,
 crying, hugging, putting ring on finger

 audio: proposal speech, kissing, crying, cheering, clapping, music
