Event Name: Renovating a home

Definition: One or more people work to improve a home by rebuilding,
finishing, and/or destroying parts of the structure.

Explication: Home renovations include altering, installing, or
destroying parts of a home structure and then improving the area. Home
renovations may be done by one or many people, depending on the scale
of the project and whether it involves alterations to electrical or
plumbing structures, which may require a licensed contractor. Some
common home renovation projects include: knocking down walls to
connect two previously separate rooms, adding a wall to divide a room
into two, adding a door or door opening to a wall (by knocking down
part of a wall and installing a door frame and optionally adding a
door), replacing cabinetry in kitchen or bathroom, replacing sinks in
kitchen or bathroom, adding/altering flooring material, roofing, or
wall coverings, adding insulation material inside a wall, replacing
windows, adding a new structure for walls, floor and roof structure to
the side of a home in order to create one or more new rooms, or adding
a new structure for floor and a railing to the exterior side of a home
to create a deck. Work is done with a number of specialized tools, and
participants often wear protective gear (e.g. hard hats, safety
glasses, face masks, gloves) particularly for tasks where a large
amount of dust or debris is likely to fly into the air (e.g. sawing
with an electric saw blade, removing drywall).

Evidential Description:

 scene: indoors (inside of a home, basement, garage) or outdoors
 (outside of a home, roof)

 objects/people: tools (hammer, wrench, drill, screwdriver, etc.),
 construction materials (wood, cement, metal sheets, drywall),
 repairpeople, ladders, saws, paint, mask, gloves, hard hat, shovels,
 glasses

 activities: hammering a nail, drilling, climbing a ladder, painting,
 removing debris

 audio: hammering, saws buzzing, narration of process, sounds of
 lumber falling to ground, various construction sounds
