Event Name: Town hall meeting

Definition: An informal public meeting where everyone in a community
is invited to attend in order to hear discussion (and sometimes share
opinions) on shared subjects of interest.

Explication: Town hall meetings are used as a system of government in
some small American communities, particularly in rural New England,
where the town community directly legislates policy and budget
issues. Town meetings involve the discussion of a policy issue, and
are followed by either a vote on that issue, or for contentious
issues, postponement to a machine ballot at a later time. Portions of
town meetings where a controversial issue is being discussed may not
be distinguishable from town hall meetings, and so will be considered
relevant for this event. However, town hall meetings do not involve
voting or any other direct effect on policy, but just serve as a way
for politicians to interact directly with their constituents. Town
hall meetings may be held with officials from any level of government,
from the village to the national level. The politicians will generally
give a speech, and then respond to individual speakers from the crowd
who line up at a microphone or are chosen by a moderator to be allowed
to make direct comments to the official(s). Town hall meetings may be
called to help officials address a particular controversial issue, or
they may be made a regular part of a politician's schedule, but will
often be used by the attendees as an opportunity to address
controversial issues with that politician. Because town hall meeting
attendees are often those with strong opinions on controversial
subjects, the audience will often react strongly (either positively or
negatively) to what is being said by the attendees speaking to the
officials, or the officials themselves; the speakers will often get
into heated arguments with the official(s) or each other, or provide a
heated monologue during the town hall meeting.

Evidential Description:

 scene: indoors (stage, auditorium, arena, church fellowship hall)

 objects/people: microphones, microphone stands, political signs,
 podiums, security guards or bouncers, protesters, politicians,
 members of the community, paper handouts/flyers, chairs, elevated
 stage

 activities: arguing, waving signs, shouting, pointing, yelling,
 people raising their hands to ask questions from their seats,
 delivering a speech

 audio: political speech, crowd reaction, arguments, boos, questions
 coming from audience microphones, whispers among attendees
