Event Name: Winning a race without a vehicle

Definition: An individual (or more) succeeds in reaching a
pre-determined destination before all other individuals, without
vehicle assistance or assistance of a horse or other animal.

Explication: Racing generally involves accomplishing a task in less
time than other competitors. The only type of racing considered
relevant for the purposes of this event is the type where the task is
traveling to a destination, completed by a person(s) without
assistance of a vehicle or animal. Different types of races involve
different types of human locomotion, such as running, jumping,
crawling, swimming, and the competitors may additionally be
handicapped in some way or have to perform some kind of task during
the race such as jumping over obstacles or running while holding an
object. For most race types, competitors are lined up side-by-side to
begin the race. In relay races, the race distance is divided up
between members of a team, and so when racers reach a certain point in
the race, they switch with another racer to continue the race. Racing
competitions can be amateur and spontaneous, or planned and
professional. In professional-style competitions, the competitors
usually wear armbands or stickers on their shirts with an assigned
number on them, and there may be many spectators. For most types of
racing, excluding long distance races such as marathons or
cross-country running, professional style races will have visibly
designated lanes for the racers that will keep them in a straight
line, parallel to each other. Many races may end with the winner
running through a piece of tape stretched across the finish line. In
races where the full competition or the full set of competitors is
visible, evidence of winning would be seeing a person reaching the
destination point first. In races such as marathon-style races where
the distance traveled is very long, and competitors are often spread
out far apart from each other, or races where the same distance is
traveled multiple times (e.g. a track race where the track is circled
a set number of times by the competitors), there must be additional
evidence of winning beyond the person reaching the finish line. In the
marathon race case, a person reaching the finish line may be reaching
it after another individual already won, and in the track case, the
same location is reached multiple times, but only counts as the final
racing destination after the length of the track has been traveled a
number of times. Additional evidence for winning the race can include:
running through tape at the finish line, verbal acknowledgement
(e.g. by an announcer saying "(person's name) wins!"), gestures of
celebration by the winner (e.g. throwing their arms in the air),
onlookers excitedly rushing to congratulate them, and receiving of a
prize such as a medal or trophy.

Evidential Description:

 scene: outdoors (park, field, track, road, or stadium) or indoors
 (indoor track, pool, or large gymnasium)

 objects/people: runner, number worn on runner's back/front/arm,
 potato sack, marker for finish line (tape stretched across road,
 potato sacks lying on ground), running shoes, baton, spectators,
 boundary markers/signs, signs supporting/encouraging a particular
 runner, water bottles, first aid tent

 activities: running, swimming, hopping, climbing, jumping, breaking
 through tape, passing a baton, spectators running a short distance
 with the runner, passing out water bottles to the runners

 audio: onlookers cheering, verbal or other indication of starting the
 race (yelling "Go!", gun shooting), narration of the race (speaking
 through a microphone)
